Although the passwords may be stored securely 
in users.txt, that does not mean that this 
program stores your text files securely.
The fact that you are reading this right now
proves this.

Unless you somehow found out that the password
for "Philip Vedin" is "SuperSecure_password",
the only way you would be able to read this
would be to directly open this file from
the folder "Philip Vedin".

So, does this mean that this program is 
essentially useless? As it is right now, yes. 
The main problem is that the actual folders
are not encrypted. You may think, "Well, 
just use password-locked .rar/.zip/.7z files 
instead!".

That may be simple to do manually; however,
the program should be able to do it for you.
Here is where the real problem is: making a
program that can both create *and* access
password-protected .rar or .zip files seems
like it would be way too difficult for me
at this point in time.

While there may be third-party modules such 
as "rarfile", most of these can only open
password-protected .rar/.zip/.7z files, not
*create* them. During this CAS activity
I also do not want to make programs that
rely on third-party modules, since it would
make it much more difficult for others to
run my programs, since they would have to
manually download the modules as well.

I found a possible solution at StackOverflow
(http://stackoverflow.com/questions/17250/),
that would allow me to create 
password-encrypted .zip files without 
relying on third-party modules (you do need 
to have 7zip installed, though). However, 
it feels too complicated for me at this 
point, and so I have not decided to do
anything about this glaring lack of security.


Another possible solution could be to encrypt 
the contents of each text file with e.g the 
AES 256 cipher. However, this would once again 
mean that I would have to rely on third-party
modules, e.g PyCrypto, as I do not have the
knowledge necessary to make my own
implementation of the cipher.

To further improve the security of the text
files, perhaps I could encrypt the contents
of the text files using the Bifid cipher,
since I have already made a program that
can encrypt/decrypt any string that has been
given to it. Once again, though, that poses
yet another problem: formatting.
When the contents of a text file are 
decrypted, they should then be displayed
in a user-friendly manner, for example:
"
The quick brown 
fox jumps over 
the lazy dog
"
instead of
"
thequickbrownfoxjumpsoverthelazydog
".
Furthermore, my Bifid Cipher program can
only encrypt letters, not numbers.
This means that the information that
really needs to be protected, e.g credit
card numbers, would stay completely
unencrypted. In fact, my program currently
removes all non-alphabetic characters
from the string it is given, so they would 
not be stored to begin with.

